Update: Google Analytics - Send feature flag analytics to Google Analytics documentation (#525)
configcat/docs: website/docs/integrations/google-analytics.mdx

4. **Deploy your application** and wait for feature flag evaluations to occur. This process might take 1-2 days for the `experience_impression` events to populate in Google Analytics.

5. **Define an audience** in Google Analytics using the `exp_variant_string` parameter with the same values you used in your events (e.g. `configcat-isMyAwesomeFeatureEnabled-true`) by following the guide [here](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/9267572). This allows you to leverage feature flag evaluation events effectively.

### Example audiences reports
<img src="/docs/assets/googleanalytics/audiences.png" className="zoomable" alt="Google Analytics Audience report" />

### Useful resources

- [A/B Testing with ConfigCat and Google Analytics - Blog post](https://configcat.com/blog/2024/09/20/ab-testing-configcat-google-analytics/)

> - [A/B Testing with ConfigCat and Google Analytics - Sample app](https://configcat.com/blog/2024/09/20/ab-testing-configcat-google-analytics/)

Reviewer: I think this should point to the github repo.
```suggestion
- [A/B Testing with ConfigCat and Google Analytics - Sample app](https://github.com/configcat-labs/configcat-google-analytics-integration-sample)
```
